In app messaging tutorial review (#2033)
Nexmo/nexmo-developer: _tutorials/create-nexmo-account.md

description: Sign up for a Nexmo account on the customer dashboard
---

You can create a Nexmo account via the [Nexmo Dashboard](https://dashboard.nexmo.com/sign-in).

> Within the Dashboard you can create applications and purchase Nexmo numbers. These activities can also be carried out on the command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within the Dashboard you can create applications and purchase Nexmo numbers. You can also perform these tasks using the [Nexmo CLI](https://github.com/Nexmo/nexmo-cli). 
```
